# GE: Fasicst Athenian Leader gives speech 

Posted by: fascist_athena

Nations involved: Fascist Athena

December 28, 2016 – Today, the Fascist Athenian Leader Alexander Pagonis gave an invigorating deliverance to the population of Thessaloniki. He was introduced by an honorary officer of the Athenian Unity Party, before commencing his awe-inspiring utterance, which restored hope and valor for the Athenian citizenry. 

“The sixth national unification day has hereby concluded. What at first seemed like the famous last words of a faltering nation, has transpired into the emergence of a powerful state as a result of the relentless efforts by the thousands of fighters and diligent populace here today.”

“Our land has been rescued from the shackles which hindered its prosperity for so long, and now we stand in unity, prepared to withstand the countless trials that remain.”

“In the coming years, the international scene will most certainly view our subversive acts with contempt. However, we have realized that only WE understand what is best for US and OUR nation.”

“Our desire to build a functioning economy and social state will guide us, and our obedience and labor will produce the end result.”

“Our Northern Ally has already joined the ranks of many great nations that will live on throughout history. Now it is time for us to do the same, fore we have no time to spare. ”

“If we grow tired of our convictions, we will think of our children’s future. If our belief in the Republic hesitates, we will think of the stability that it has achieved. If we develop hunger for our own selfish ambitions, we will take a bite from the sweet fruit of selfless labor.”

“Follow our Leadership, and bring greatness to your country!”

The crowd stood up in unison and began cheering in an ecstasy of Patriotism and Love for each other. 