# GEN: The Kaiser has died!

Posted by: austrian_habsburgs

Nations involved: Austrian Habsburgs

Two hours ago, the Gesundheitsministerium (Ministry of Health) has announced that Kaiser Franz Joseph XIII (86) died of natural causes, after several weeks in the central hospital in New Vienna.

Following this tragedy, and given the fact that the Kaiser never named a successor, the Innenministerium (Ministry of Interior) has announced that the Kingdom of Austrian Habsburgs has been renamed the Republic of Austrian Habsburgs. Within the following weeks, the Innenministerium (Ministry of Interior) plans to discuss and draft a new constitution to replace the outdated version from the Monarchy. A popular vote will decide whether or not the country is going to adapt the new changes.

The Informationsministerium (Ministry of Information) has notified the populace that the process will be completed by means which will ensure governmental transparency.

Furthermore, the Sicherheitsministerium (Ministry of Security) has announced that it is going to conduct an investigation into the death of the Kaiser. At the moment, all provided evidence suggests that Franz Joseph has died of natural causes related to old age, contrary to the claims that he contracted the Influenza flu which affected a large portion of the population in the Capital.

The Kulturministerium (Ministry of Culture) has not made a statement regarding the King’s possessions, including the royal palace in New Vienna and numerous estates in the Republic’s countryside. 
