# WAR(S): Adrea Holds Their Border

Posted by: fascist_adrea

Nations involved: Fascist Adrea, European Bolsheviks, Georgekenia

Adrean soldiers, having had some rather effective defenses built up along the border (in most regions), has been able to react and defend its border for the most part, losing only a few feet of land before the remaining garrison was able to make its way to the border, calling off the search for the rogue nuke for the time being. The fighting has, for the most part, reached a stalemate, with the Adreans pulling what forces they can to defend the slowly receding border. With most of the forces in Georgekenia, it's become very difficult for a very effective defence to be set up with such little warning.

Iaerme Pales was unable to respond, as she was in the process of transferring to the Alexandrian Frontline, and is now making her way back, to fight the "Red Menace", as Souxand referred to them as, in a speech he gave in her place. "We will not quietly allow this," he riveted "and we will not allow them access to our land."

Already in Georgekenia, fighting has cut out as Adrean soldiers are called back in the wake of the surrender. Adrean commanders call it the most successful campaign in Adrean history. However, considering Adrean history is about 40 years with only 3 major wars, there's not much to consider against it.

Adrean warships have already reached the Suez Canal, removing all flags and sanctions from the area, visibly glad over the internationalization of the Canal.