# GEN: Recent News

Posted by: the_kolam_brotherhood

Nations involved: The Kolam Brotherhood, the NAL, Utah, Vladimirstan, Almadrus, Adrea, Mandalae and Conaim, Gullandia

Recently, the Kolam Brotherhood has made many decisions affecting the rest of the world. In this article, a quick summary will be given about the recent events in The Kolam Brotherhood. 
Firstly, the Kolam Brotherhood announced its dedication to well being granted to the citizens of the Brotherhood. Government programs have gone underway to support citizens in poverty. Many regions of the Kolam Brotherhood like East Syrzlynd were in extreme poverty under previous regimes ruling the area. The poverty rate (1.25 USD a day) is currently at 8.9% in West and East Syrzlynd. The government is hoping to reduce this to 1.5%. 
Secondly, the Kolam Brotherhood has joined the NAL. After a bit of hesitation, Kolami officials have decided to enter the newly formed North American League. The Kolami Secretary of State announced, "We have decided that the cooperation with other nations is worth the risk of conflicts endangering the Kolam Brotherhood." Officials contacted Mandalae about this a few days earlier. The Kolam Brotherhood looks forward to the bright future of diplomatic ties with fellow North American nations.
Also on the news is the Kolami-Habnian-Amaldrussian Celestial Research and Exploration Program and Entente(the Khacrepe). Initially, the Kolam Brotherhood, Amaldrus, and Habna were going to launch a manned mission to Mars, but then, Kolami researchers found out that they couldn't fund their mission. Kolami and Amaldrussian engineers are now repurposing their rocket to carry cargo to send to the Moon. The rocket is currently huge, meaning that converting the rocket will be easy. The Kolam Brotherhood is looking to build an outpost on the moon. It will be used for research purposes only, and will be available for use by all nations that signed the "Outer Space Neutrality Pact" by Gullandia. 
Also regarding rockets, the Kolam Brotherhood is currently assembling relaunchable rockets. These small and cheap rockets can be used to move cargo and people to and from the moon. Here are the release dates: Kodiak I: January 20th, Kodiak II: January 25th, Kodiak III: January 30th, Aetyl I: February 4th, Aetyl II: February 7th, Aetyl III: February 11th. This technology was introduced by a fast growing business in New Kodiak called Tesyle. The Kolam Brotherhood has adopted this technology for the future of our world.
Lastly, The Kolam Brotherhood, along with Mandalae and Conaim, have been pressuring Vladimirstan into joining the efforts against Utah. "Giving such a regime like Utah independent status will not be tolerated," Stated Kolami Minister of Vladmirstani Relations. "While the Kolam Brotherhood cannot help efforts against the group at the moment, both Conaim, Mandalae, and I believe Vladimirstan can. Please note that if Utah does get independence, Vladimirstani land will also be under Utah control [, according to Conaim]." The Kolam Brotherhood will continue pressuring Vladimirstan in the coming days.