# WOV: Terrorists Strike New Oslo

Posted by: new_telemark

Nations involved: New Telemark, NOPS, Al Ghaza, WOV

__Three gunmen opened fire at civilians at the New Oslo Public Library and led police on a deadly pursuit this afternoon. The Warriors of Violet have claimed responsibility for this attack.__

### What Happened

At 13:03 on Sunday, 4 December 2016, a black hatchback stopped in front of the main library in Manhattan, New Oslo City. Three men, armed with modified fully-automatic assault rifles, exited the vehicle and opened fire on civilians walking by on the sidewalk. They then entered the library and shot everyone in sight. People ducked under tables and hid between shelves as the gunfire continued for about 45 seconds until a single police officer arrived. The police officer was shot and killed, and the gunmen returned to their vehicle and sped away. More police arrived and pursued the vehicle. The pursuit continued for 16 minutes before the suspects' vehicle broke down after sustaining heavy damage from gunshots and numerous collisions. One suspect was killed inside the vehicle during the pursuit, another was severely injured and taken to the hospital, and the third has been arrested and is awaiting trial.

### The Aftermath

A total of 19 people have been reported dead so far, and many others were injured. The two suspects who survived will most likely be charged with mass murder, violent terrorism, illegal possession of firearms, reckless driving, failing to stop for police, and destruction of property. With this, they will be sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.

### Warriors of Violet

The Middle Eastern terrorist organization Warriors of Violet (WOV) has claimed responsibility for today's attack. A spokesperson for the organization recorded a video condemning the secular culture of New Telemark and vowing to continue attacks to restore the glory of Violet. The video was posted to social media before being flagged and deleted shortly afterward by the site operator. The WOV also warned that further attacks will be carried out if NOPS intervenes in the developing crisis in Al Ghaza.