# BREAKING NEWS: President Jack Johnson Died in Horrific Car Crash

Posted by: united_texico

Nations involved: United Texico

On midnight 20th December 2016, the President of United Texico, Jack Johnson, met his demise in a horrific car crash at the capital Houston.

The President, who was known for his fondness for racing and fast cars, was driving his Ferrari LaFerrari at 90 miles per hour (144.84 km/h) in an apparently 'high-stake' race with three other individuals. They are Congressman Hugh Lowe (who was driving a Maserati GranTurismo), political aide Dennis Quest (who was driving a Koenigsegg Agera) and the Democrat Party Chairman Riley Chong (who was driving a McLaren P1). According to a witness, each of them betted their own cars, along with 300,000 Texican Dollars, to the winner.

President Johnson's car was near the finish line when he lost control of his vehicle and swerved off an overpass. The Ferrari then flipped four times before it stopped moving. In a rash move, his political aide followed after him and swerved off the overpass as well. The two other racers extracted them out of their vehicles and called for an ambulance. The President lived for 3 more minutes before finally dying of head trauma.

This was not the first time President Johnson partook in illegal races, as revealed by those close to him during rounds of police interrogation. It was estimated that he raced with his inner circle of politicians and army officials at least once a week. In total, over 10 million Texican Dollars worth of cash and sports car were estimated to have been betted in these races. Johnson himself had won 4 sports cars in previous races.

While those who participated in past races weren't charged, the other racers in this race, including the hospitalised Dennis Quest, are currently charged with illegal racing. However, it is expected that the acting President Chuck Chong, who happens to be a cousin of Riley Chong, will pardon them.
