# WAR: European Bolsheviks braces for 'Operation Red'

Posted by: european_bolsheviks

Nations involved: European Bolsheviks, Fascist Adrea, Esteriore, WOV

As a result of continued bombing by Esteriore, the Revolutionary Army has mobilized the entirety of its 200,000 combat-ready forces in Southern European Bolshevik territories to combat the impending attack from fascist Adrea and its North American ally. 

40 medium-range missile systems, along with 20 tanks, have been placed in forests along the border with Adrea, and are now firing on hostile troops. 

Given the poor state of the Revolutionary Air-force, the army is incapable of effectively shielding itself from Air Raids. Most ground units have resorted to "Guerilla Warfare" tactics, in order to withstand its powerful enemies.

The European Bolshevik death count has already reached 10,000, contrary to Official State News which claimed the toll to merely be at 13.

An additional 1,000,000 reserves are prepared to defend the People's Republic at all costs. The Ministry of Information has named the conflict the "MOTHERLAND LIBERATION WAR".

Government documents, leaked by a terrorist organization of WOV sympathizers in the North, have revealed that whilst the Revolutionary Army was planning the invasion, it dispatched 10 submarines from a secret supporting nation. Initially, the submarines were planned to target Adrea and the Mediterranean Sea, however according to the data, the submarines we rerouted towards Esteriore in the wake of its aggression in the MOTHERLAND LIBERATION WAR. 