# TRADE: Raikkonia Proposes Canal System

Posted by: raikkonia

Nations involved: Raikkonia, Eijafoss

After discussions with Eijafoss, Raikkonia was pleased to announce an agreement to create a canal system that would further connect the Bothnian Gulf to the Atlantic. By doing so, travel times between certain areas would be reduced.

The outline of the plan was detailed in the press release, and goes as follows:
1) Eijafoss seceeds its northern territory near the 62nd parallel to Raikkonia, allowing for the construction of the canal.
2) Eijafoss, in return, is fully exempt from tolls on the canal, is given open borders with Raikkonia, and can apply to take territory from southern Raikkonia.
3) Raikkonia will start the canal from New Kovalania, helping to establish it as a trade center, and will connect the various lakes until reaching the Bothnian Gulf.
4) Countries that assist in the construction, through funds or workers, can qualify for toll reductions.

Minister Korpela was quoted as saying, "Obviously, this is a big plan, and now it's going to be scrutinized by Norrland and geological experts alike. But now is a good time for us. We're in the middle of a strong economy, and a large-scale public works project could do wonders for our employment figures. And not only that, but it'll be providing a service for everyone, too."

The lengthy project, if enacted, would seem to benefit the northern-most Nordic countries as well as western countries. The distance between Stockgrove and the Gulf is also expected to drop by approximately 550 miles, or 890 kilometers. 