# ALLIANCES: BREAKING: SAMSONIA3 FOUNDS LEAGUE OF ROGUE NATIONS, INVITES ADREA AS FIRST MEMBER 

Posted by: samsonia3

Nations involved: Samsonia3, Adrea

THE SUPREME GOD EMPEROR HAS SPOKEN:

"We, as an individual nation, have decided to found the League of Rogue Nations for anyone who feels marginalized in this political climate. Any nation is free to join. Samsonia3 will lead and represent the league. Nations that join should feel safe, as Samsonia3 will defend them with their nuclear weapons. Along with the 4 war machine developments, Samsonia3 scientists are hard at work to duplicate these nuclear weapons. Currently Samsonia3 has a small amount of plutonium/uranium but not enough to make more than one small bomb of their own. 

Back to the League of Rogue Nations, this alliance will free up trade between all nations within. Nations are free to join no matter their stances on civil or political rights. Tariffs will be abolished, and every now and then there will be a League-Sponsored project. Nations are highly recommended to participate. 

CONCERNING REGIONAL ISSUES/CONFLICTS: Also, the League does not mind nations with different opinions on regional issues, but they have come up with specific guidelines concerning war. If the League endorses a nation, a member in the League has the freedom to give humanitarian aid to the opposing side but nothing more. If anyone attacks a League Member they will be attacked by Samsonia3 and any nation courageous enough to join them."
-Supreme God Emperor in his speech unveiling the League
