# GEN: The Great Unraveling

Posted by: esteriore

Nations involved: Esteriore

A huge, sudden, ideological change has just begun to take shape in Esteriore dubbed 'The Great Unraveling'.

This huge event has happened following the invasions of Hispatia and New Woking, as the populace of Esteriore has always been against huge wars like this, but the military-controlled government has always had this sense of nostalgia, urging them to start, enter or end wars. Those people are now being exiled to New Texico, and all sensible, democratically-elected officials will remain in power.

The military is now in disarray, and will soon undergo massive change. The number of troops in the armed forces will shrink to just over 300,000, and the country will soon be disposing of all nuclear warheads. A new policy will also be implemented that only allows military action if the Homeland is attacked first. Military action will also cease in Hispatia and New Woking, and massive reparations will be paid to both countries.

Esteriore will also become extremely isolated, as the people fear that any meddling in foreign affairs will cause wars. Only diplomacy will be used to end conflicts now. Other policies concerning immigration will also be put in place. They will ban immigration from all countries that have not had approval from the People, who will be voting on the issue soon. They fear tainting of the new war-fearing culture by other ethnic groups.

So far, the only peoples allowed in the country are from the following nations; Hiachijan, Mandalae, Skolborg, Raikkonia, Solborg, Amenembourg, Habna, The Kolam Brotherhood, Odenreig, Kataria, Calgasia and Stoichia. All others are barred from entering unless they have unanimous approval from the immigration bureau, or they are from foreign governments requesting diplomatic ties.

A new, promising era has begun in Esteriore, and we hope that the world will be a better place with the new, non-militaristic government.