# SPACE: Nexon and Hiachijan Launch 'Great NexHia Space Campaign'

Posted by: new_nexon

Nations involved: New Nexon, Hiachijan

Just after the marriage of Nexonan Emperor Slender and Hiachijanese Empress Aulmerri, the Nexonan and Hiachijanese governments issued a joint statement which announced the start of the 'Great NexHia Space Campaign', which is a series of space missions conducted together by the two newly allied countries. The following missions have been scheduled so far:

*On 2nd January 2017, two unmanned spacecrafts will be launched by both governments in order to reach the Moon. The spacecrafts will re-enter Earth's orbit on 5th January 2017.

*On 15th January 2017, a manned spaceflight consisting of 3 Nexonan and 3 Hiachijanese astronauts will be launched in order to land at the moon.

*On 5th February 2017, the first component of the NexHia Space Station will be launched to space. In addition to the NexHia Space Station, the Nexonans and Hiachijanese will also launch the first component of their own space stations on that date.

*On 20th February 2017, a NexHia Robotic Lunar Base will start construction on the Moon. The expected date of completion will be on 10th March 2017.

*Starting from 1st March 2017, components to the NexHia Space Station will be launched on the 1st and 15th day of every month until December. The same policy will apply to the individual space stations owned by Nexon and Hiachijan until June.

*On 2nd April 2017, two rovers will be sent to Mars by the two countries. 

*Starting from 1st April 2017, there will be regular space flights (at least once a month) to the Moon by both countries.

*On 15th June 2017, the Nexonan and Hiachijanese governments will decide on whether or not their individual space stations should be combined with the NexHia Space Station. By now, each individual space station are expected to have a capacity of at least 5 astronauts while the NexHia Space Station is expected to have a capacity of 10.

*On 1st August 2017, probes will be sent to all of Mars' moons.

*On 1st October 2017, a temporary settlement will be set up by the two countries on the moon. An experiment will be conducted during which 8 astronauts from both countries will live in said settlement for a period of 2 weeks.

*On 16th October 2017, probes will be launched to Venus and Jupiter's moons.

*On 1st November 2017, another temporary settlement will be set up on the moon. This time, 8 astronauts will live in said settlement for a month.

*By 15th December 2017, the NexHia Space Station is expected to have a capacity of 25, if each country's space station aren't included.

*On 25th December 2017, construction of a permanent settlement with a capacity of 5 astronauts will be set up on the moon. The settlement will be expanded overtime.