# WAR: European Bolsheviks want Peace

Posted by: european_bolsheviks

Nations involved: European Bolsheviks, Fascist Adrea, Esteriore, Mandalae, Samsonia2

In recent hours, Technicians from the relatively new Ministry of Cyber Security and Computer Scientists from a secret ally have decoded and consequentially dissolved the security breach on the European Bolshevik Nuclear Missile system. 

A new and advanced firewall promises to prevent such a cyber-attack from occurring again.

Now that the PREB has retained full control over its defensive assets, the people and the Revolutionary Worker's Council seek to end the war at all cost.

Pyotr Arashenko set forth the conditions of the PREB's withdrawal from the conflict, which have been noted as follows: 

-A demilitarized zone will be established along a straight line through Budapest (Budapest will be split into North and South between Adrea and the PREB). 
-The PREB seizes to produce and distribute all Propaganda involving any combatants from the war.
-The PREB admits its defeat on the international stage.
-All territory below the demarcation line will be relinquished to Adrea and its allies. 
-The PREB will surrender all nuclear missiles except for one, provided that Adrea does the same. No external forces are to maintain nuclear missiles on the territory seized during the war.

For the sake of International stability and Peace, we the European Bolshevik Party plea that you accept these terms. If any of the involved nations are unsettled by any of the aforementioned stipulations, we hope to discuss the concerns in the discord chat or via telegram. Either way, we want PEACE between our nations.