# PROPAGANDA: Fascist Adrea retaliates to Bolshevik Propaganda

Posted by: fascist_adrea

Nations involved: Fascist Adrea, European Bolsheviks

Iaerme Pales today stands in front of a crowd of Adreans at a rally held in Рагуза (Dubrovnik), holding a pamphlet of propaganda produced by the European Bolsheviks. Red faced with a reasonably furious expression, she yells in anger while giving a speech about the horrid ways of the Bolshevik.

In an aggressive revenge move made by Adrea, large aircraft normally armed with long range heavy weapons, resembling AC-130's, have been seen flying over Bolshevik airspace, ignoring radio contact and dropping thousands of pamphlets and other propaganda devices into the Bolshevik lands. The pamphlets have a design of Iaerme Pales standing atop the world triumphantly, holding the heads of the Bolshevik's chairmen, and include many paragraphs explaining how Adrea is better in every way, all written in regional languages. The paragraphs go over how life is far better in Adrea, how technology is readily available, and how everyone is rich beyond belief.

Along the border between Adrea and the EB, the most powerful speakers found in Adrea have been set up, 3 every 100 feet, covering the entire distance. The speakers play inspiring speeches made by Adrean figures such as Souxand and Iaerme, as well as the Adrean Anthem, Military Marching Song, and many other invigorating songs composed in Adrea. Many border guards are now seen wearing gun range muffs, as the speakers are loud enough to cause massive ear damage without them.