# IMMIGRATION: A sparse land

Posted by: amaldrus

Nations involved: possibly all nations 

After a much larger expansion than Amaldrus ever saw coming, most of the country is very low in people per square mile and much potential is squandered.
        Since most of the 3 million people living in Amaldrus don't really seem to wish to leave the original lands of Amaldrus and its luxuries for the untouched rainforests.
        However more recent immigrants from back during the Habnian Civil War are poorer and are more willing to work on roads into the new areas and living in the new lands...This is still insufficient as there are only around 0.5 million Habnian Civil war survivors in the country, however that is still 1/6 of the formerly small country's population.
        Land is being divided up into sections to be sold to people wanting to live on them, one third tracts of the forest will still be left untouched but it's still a signifgant amount of land obviously, but so hard to live on.
        More important than getting people to live there is getting people to build operation there to make money extracting resources or other possible things.
        It has been offered to open the land up to new immigrants and make offers overseas. However the immigrants must learn to speak and read Habnian and no establishment or sign will be allowed to use any other language, forcing them to keep speaking it or atleast reading it in public, their own languages will be locked up at home, never offered at school or other public area...however once they overcome this linguistic obsticle, anyone can immigrate to Amaldrus, as the language is the only cultural detail they must adopt. However any radicals from any religion will be immediately terminated if they threaten anyone.
     Oil has been found in some areas so some buissnesses are permitted to mine as the deposit not near the preserved third of the forest, however they may not use fracking, that is the only requirement from the companies.