# GE: 5 Year Plan Phase I: Agricultural Reform

Posted by: european_bolsheviks

Nations involved: European Bolsheviks

Recently, the Immortal Dear Leader and the European Bolshevik Worker's Council have announced that the People's Republic is ready to commence its illustrious 5 Year Plan.

It is a concept that was drafted by the Revolutionary Army in 1990 after the collapse of the USSR and the subsequent establishment of the People's Republic of European Bolsheviks. 

Until now, the country has been in a stage of 'Revolutionary Restructuring'. The first president of the European Bolshevik Worker's Party Pyotr Arashenko declared at the first council meeting in 1991 that a solid economic foundation was necessary in order to shift the country towards "true European Bolshevik Socialism." 

Now that this prerequisite has been fulfilled, the revolution has begun! Phase I of the glorious 5 Year Plan will focus on enacting Agricultural Reform, in order to boost the Republic's food production.

Phase I consists of two individual stages. Firstly, all land will be re-distributed equally among the European Bolshevik agricultural community. Then, local Agricultural Councils will establish cooperatives in order to merge farms and increase output. 

Once this step is complete and the economy experiences the predicted growth, stage II of Phase I will be initiated. The goal of this step is to seize all land in the People's Republic and organize Agricultural Districts into collectives. The economy will suffer short-term from the second stage, however at the end of Phase I it will have recovered and allow the people to move forward to the prosperity of Phase II.

GLORY TO THE REVOLUTION!