# SPY: Innocent Cacusian murdered

Posted by: democratic_republic_of_cacusia

Nations involved: Centralstan, Cacusia, Transcona

Centralstan recently murdered an innocent cacusian man named Fjred. They claimed he possibly was a cacusian spy, the "possibly" in that is because they did not know but killed him anyway. The Cacusian leader, who was released from the hospital earlier today, flew to the Cacusian colony to comfort Fjred's family and to make a speech. " Centralstan claims that Fjred was a spy and that Cacusia wishes to take over Centralstan. They are wrong on both counts, the Cacusian Spy Net only operates to defend Cacusia from other spies and only operates in Cacusia. Secondly Cacusia does not wish to take any part of Centralstans land. Fjred was working for a small news network that the government recently tried to shut down in the colony. Fjred was the only one in his family who got an income because his wife is disabled. He had three children who are now being fed by the Cacusian government. Cacusia demands that Fjred's remains be returned to his family and that Centralstan pay to support the family they have ripped apart. Centralstan is murduring innocent people, this should be a sign to the world that Centralstan  has not only a dangerous thirst for power but also has a complete and utter lack of morals, judgement and compassion. They feel it right just to murder civilians because they are Cacusian, they have banned Cacusian people from their country and we are unsure how to rescue the cacusians that are currently stranded in Centralstan.  We request that the world realize that Centralstan must not be allowed to continue with these actions. Transcona has already condemned the  actions of Centralstan and placed an embargo, Cacusia is very grateful to you Transcona, and we thank you for your support.  Cacusia has placed an embargo but will not ban centralstanis. We, the people of Cacusia, will not lower ourselves to the level of Centralstan, we are an honorable, peaceful, and just country and our citizens have morals, and compassion, things that Centralstan lacks. We will never sink  to where Centralstan has fallen, we will stand strong, and we will never give in to injustice and bigotry! Thank you."