# SLENDEROFASCIST UPRISING: Siege of Waynesborg Ended!

Posted by: slendergrad

Nations involved: Slendergrad

After days of fighting, the Archer Lee presidential administration announced that the Siege of Waynesborg has ended. Over 5,600 Slenderofascist fighters have been killed, while government forces suffered a casualty of 730. However, civilian casualties have not been reported. Human rights observers said that the city's entire population of 35,000 has died though.

These observers claimed to have reports from reliable witnesses that the government used any means possible to destroy the entire city. Sarin gas in the form of gas canisters was allegedly used en masse on civilians, which was fired out from grenade launchers. Assault helicopters fired rockets and machine guns indiscriminately at civilian targets. Soldiers reportedly looted the city, shooting and raping residents as they move. Those captured were tortured for information before being executed as well. In addition, military aircrafts also bombed buildings indiscriminately in order to demolish the entire city. Government officials said that refugee camps have been set up for those who have survived the siege, which are more like military prisons.

By now, Waynesborg only existed in name. In reality, asphalt has been poured all over its rubbles. There is no more Waynesborg. There is only the Rule of Waynesborg in the new government - the ultimate penalty for dissension. As the extremist city wasn't part of the country's world famous 'hipster' culture, it's unlikely that it will be missed from a cultural standpoint.

Human rights activists also claimed that government forces (primarily agents from the Slendergradian Military Intelligence Bureau) also stormed the St John's Radical Views Correctional Facility and massacred all of its 850 inmates, all incarcerated for political charges.