# DISASTER: Reactor Meltdown

Posted by: european_bolsheviks

Nations involved: European Bolsheviks, Fascist Adrea, Ellenstedt, Telvorian Federation, Kingdom of Alps, Upper Romania, Vreekomfdod, NOPS

The Ministry of Safety has just reported that there has been a Reactor Meltdown at a Nuclear Power Plant in the central European Bolshevik city of Zakopane. 

The entire population of Zakopane and its immediate surrounding area has been evacuated to a safe zone in Krosno. Disaster Response teams have already been dispatched to the plant in order to isolate the radiation, however a sizeable amount of harmful particles has already been emitted.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued a warning to all countries near the humble People's Republic to shelter civilians residing close to the border. Meteorologists suspect that a bulk of the radiation will drift into Upper Romania and Fascist Adrea.

Shortly after this dreadful incident, the Immortal Dear Leader gave an invigorating speech on official state news regarding this urgent matter. He stated that "the west has plotted this disaster in order to destabilize the Proletarian People's Republic. We have permitted them to inspect our Nuclear Facilities for the sake of peace, and now they repay us by killing our workers, farmers, artisans, and children? We have made a mistake trusting the west, but will rebound and prosper once more!"

The Revolutionary Worker's Party of European Bolsheviks has released a decree, mandating that NOPS revokes its imperialist treaty with the People's Republic, given that the shameful Nuclear Inspectors did not report flaws and thereby jeopardized the lives of nearly 500,000 civilians.