# CIVIL WAR: Civil War in Mandalae

Posted by: mandalae

Nations involved: Mandalae

Following the Mandalaean election, which, for something like the 50th year in a row, was swept by the liberal parties, conservatives across the country have chosen to rebel.

A state of emergency has taken effect.

Although president Hagden was re-elected in a landslide victory (with almost 70% of the vote), his celebration was short lived because of the incident in Zorfum. Now, the rebels have taken control of the city, and called all conservatives across the nation to "defend their freedom" with them.

All except one of the Fascist Party's leaders have fled to the New Harrison provincial capital of Zorfum after the rebels took control of the city. Numerous leaders from the Common Separatists have also chosen to flee. Most notably, though, retired general and well-known right-winger Andrew McNabaw of the 3rd Army is said to have traveled to Zorfum, and plans to lead the rebels militarily.

Now the violence is spreading. Rural areas in the provinces of Watson, New Harrison, Mountain, and Gulf are all declaring independence. Far-right militias are consolidating their forces, and are prepared to defend their newly claimed lands.

The military has been dispatched to New Harrison, where the situation is most dire. The rest of the Mandalaean public is either shocked or outraged at this unprecedented turn of events, after such a successful election season for the liberals.

President Hagden is said to be safe within the president's bunker, and is consulting his military advisers on how to deal with the rebels.

All public events, as well as all transportion into Mandalae has been suspended, until the government can get the rural areas under control.

Mandalae is also asking for aid from all countries willing to provide it, especially from members of the NAL.