# ELE|CIV_WAR: Election Results ; New Prime Minister condemns the old Corrupted Governments recent decisions, withdrawing all troops from Mandalae

Posted by: the_kolam_brotherhood

Nations involved: The Kolam Brotherhood, Mandalae

Karyl Ejmyla of the Flaming Torch Party was elected into office a few minutes ago, a huge surprise. His views are very centrist, meaning he will give both sides of parliament an opportunity to pass laws. He won the final round vote (last two parties not eliminated) 53.0% to 47.0% against the Progressive Social Conservatism Party's Krestjyn Van Fyler. His first order of business was to withdrawal all troops from Mandalae. Mr Ejmyla stated, "Anglynd is a foolish nation with a foolish corrupt government. They will do anything for conservatives, and don't care about anything else, you or me. His most recent decision is possibly the most idiotic decision ever! Who in our Brother's name would turn on our ally, abandon our only others, and then instantly deceive the rest of the world who the Kolam Brotherhood is?!?! I am appalled. He abused his power knowing that this would be his last fight. We will instantly remove all units from Mandalae and try to rejoin the NAL which this ******* PM abandoned. I hope Mandalae understands that our previous ruler, Ammynd Bellyn, was a corrupted selfish scum that does not represent our nation in any way, who nearly sacrificed the lives of millions in the name of political ideologies!" All troops are leaving Mandalae and all boats have been harbored. The Flaming Torch Party's Manager stated that if anything, they would be helping Mandalae.