# WAR: Nexonan Forces Advances in Borneo

Posted by: new_nexon

Nations involved: New Nexon, Troiyan Borneo, Mandalae

After a series of clashes between pro-Bornean independence revolutionaries (supported by the Nexonan and Mandalaean military) and Troiyan troops, much of the island's northern areas and some southern areas have been liberated from Troiya's control. Kuching, Bandar Seri Begawan, Bintulu, Miri, Banjarmasin, Sibu, Pontianak, Kota Kinabalu and Sandakan are among the major cities which are freed from Troiyan control.

Nexonan soldiers and Bornean resistance fighters have been ordered by their respective superiors not to harm innocents and mistreat Troiyan Prisoners-of-War. Many Troiyan troops have been disarmed and became POWs upon being captured, along with the colonial government's officials. Nexon incited numerous native tribes such as the Dayak, Iban, Malay, Kadazan-Dusun and Bidayuh, among many others, to rebell against the Troiyan government and to help achieve independence for Borneo. A huge majority of the island's population is now rebelling against the Troiyans.

In addition, Bornean rebels and Nexonan paratroopers have also surrounded the colonial capital of Palangka Raya and placed it under siege. The city also faced infighting from within as the city's inhabitants took up arms and fought the Troiyan military. The Nexonan government also issued a statement to Troiya, asking it to officially surrender to the NOPS as it knew that the country will be in great danger if King Vladimir I doesn't act fast and make the right decision.


