# POLITICAL: New Government and Prime Minister

Posted by: new-indochina

Nations involved: New-Indochina

As of the January Government and Congress elections, there will be a new Government and a new Coalition in the Congress. 


The surprising victory in the Government Elections goes to the Socialist Party. The less surprising victory in the Congress Elections goes to the Indonist Party. 

A new coalition of the Indonist, Freedom and Socialist Party will give a new majority in the Upper and Lower house (Eerste Kamer and Tweede Kamer) with 53.6%.


Total amount of votes is around the 34 million. The Socialist Party won in the Government with 11,560,000 votes. The Indonist Party won in the Congress with 7,820,000 votes.
Full results can be found here: http://bit.ly/IndochinaElectionResults

The Freedom Party will play a minor role in the congress, it won't change anything to the International Relationships.


The new Prime Minister is Thanh Vu Tran (In local script Trần Thanh Vũ (Vietnamese Latin), ເຈີ່ນ ແທງ ຫວຸ (Lao), ของทราน Thanh นอกจาก จาวู (Thai), លោក​ត្រា​ន ជាមួយ Thanh Vu (Khmer). Yes, the different scripts are difficult, so we chose to use Political and Educational and regional the Viet script, as it's directly related to the global Latin script.). Our new Prime Minister is a Social-Indonist, so he represents technically both party's (He's member of the Socialist Party).

We'll hope that with the new Socialist direction our Government is going, we'll increase the Economy and the welfare of our people.