# GEN: A Year of Economic Challenges

Posted by: amenembourg

Nations involved: Amenembourg, Solborg and New Nexon

The year will be mainly economic for Amenembourg.

The great legislative reform put in place by the Liberal Party with the support of the Freedom Party has given the economy more flexibility.

Despite the demonstrations and riots that followed the adoption of legislation as authoritarian, calm returned to the country.

The socialist opposition continues to condemn the Liberal government for organizing a scandalous capitalist and liberal revolution.

Economically speaking, Amenembourg never went so well. 
Inflation is low and continues to decline. The interest rates of the debt are exceptionally low. Private investment has seen an unexpected recovery. Unemployment continues to decline as institutional and independent observers report that 75-80% of the population aged 15-70 is active. In addition, the banking system of Amenembourg was sanitized by the Central Bank of Amenembourg (CBA) policy for the redemption of toxic assets. Sign that the country is getting better and better is the decline in the debt burden given that the government has presented a budget surplus of 3% despite an increase in its spending in favor of the military-industrial complex.

If social inequalities increase, all consumers have seen their purchasing power also increase. Moreover, the government has made tax cuts in favor of the disadvantaged classes and the middle classes in order to favor the consumption of the most fragile households.

In this context of economic renewal in favor of capitalists and investors, sources indicate that an economic partnership with Solborg would be considered by officials from both countries. Although none of the spokespersons of the two governments made a statement on this subject, most analysts believe that the level of living of the two countries is about the same and that this partnership could be profitable and a new source of economic growth. Nevertheless, the welfare system of Solborg could lead to the emigration of the working poor from Amenembourg to that country. Conversely, financial deregulation in Amenembourg could attract investment and capital from Solborg.

Other rumors circulate about space cooperation with New Nexon and Solborg.