# INTERNAL : Anti-Corruption Campaign 

Posted by: new_nexon

Nations involved: New Nexon

In an unexpected announcement, His Imperial Majesty Emperor Slender of Nexon declared that an anti-corruption campaign will be launched nationwide in order to 'purge the country of crony capitalism and economic inefficiency'.

The large country's economy works under a capitalist system where free enterprise carries out economic plans directed by the state via the Imperial Economic Council (the highest advisory body in the country regarding matters related to the economy). However, members of the IEC have been conspiring with businessmen in order to earn kickbacks for themselves. As a result, the council's plannings made the Nexonan economy inefficient as corporations favoured by the council hold strangleholds on their respective industries. 

In addition, unlike many countries, government officials have been traditionally allowed to partake in commercial activities such as owning businesses and trading securities as the government wanted to incentivise them. However, this slowly developed into a system of cronyism and unfair competition as corporations owned by these officials out-performed their competitors because they have the government's backing.

The Emperor has announced that government officials in the Celestial Empire will be given 12 hours to repent their ways by privately confessing to him. Otherwise, he said, "there will be swift retribution". Many high-ranking government officials are expected to be removed from power regardless of the fact that they are repentant, as the Corrupt Activities Investigation Commission (CAIC) has already announced that they have completed a thorough yet little-known investigation on every government official. Those who aren't repentant are expected to be convicted, while those who are will merely be dismissed.