# ECON: Elections and Economic Plans

Posted by: solborg

Nations involved: Solborg, Esteriore, Amenembourg

Market analysts predict that the effects of Esteriore's economic crash will likely be minimal as the nation has not yet re-established economic relations with Esteriore since the sanctions during the Habnian Civil War. However, some speculate that Solborg may be indirectly affected by its American trading partner New Telemark which has stronger economic ties with Esteriore.

Incumbent Prime Minister Cooper Johnston of the center-left Secular Democratic Party recently outlined his plans for an economic partnership with Amenembourg. The plans include a reduction or elimination of most tariffs on Amenembourgian goods, a joint agreement on intellectual property rights, a large reduction of travel and trade barriers with Amenembourg, and increased mobility for collaboration between private companies. The effect is expected to be overwhelmingly positive for both countries. Solborgian tech giant [Kunskap](http://solborg.xyz/kunskap) has also hinted at plans to broaden its influence on the Amenembourgian market.

After the final debate before the national elections, which will take place on 14 and 15 January, polls indicate a positive forecast for the Solborgian center-left. The Secular Democratic Party has an average of 39%, and the current left-wing coalition commands an overwhelming 62%. However, the Social Democrats recently dropped below the Center Party in popularity and highlighted a number of disagreements with the rest of the coalition during the debates.