# FOREIGN: Solidarity between capitalists

Posted by: amenembourg

Nations involved: Amenembourg, New Nexon

A series of big national bosses has condemned the anti-corruption policy led by the imperial monarchy of New Nexon. According to Eli Jacobson, the President of the Amenembourg Business Movement, this policy "hides a desire to purge the elements that have become indispensable to the powerful economy which is neighboring of Amenembourg.

Mr. Jacobson thinks that "the violence of the Nexonian government against its capitalists who have made the power of New Nexon shows that the Emperor of this country is an ingrate obsessed with power and wants to replace an elite that has become politically too liberal."

Indeed, amenembourgian observers considered that New Nexon would sooner or later become democratic under the influence of a small influential elite and equally influential centrist media. This perspective seems to be moving farther and farther away.

In any case, the national socialist movements insisted that this solidarity of the capitalists of Amenembourg with the capitalists of New Nexon was the natural solidarity of one bourgeois for another. While inequalities have never been stronger and the country's wealth never so great, Amenembourg seems to sink into an increasingly liberal and increasingly pro-market regime. While the purchasing power of households has increased and economic indicators are excellent, many consider the Liberal government of the country to have chosen growth and the economy rather than the well-being of the people.