# WAR : Samsonia3 debunks Georgekenia's False Reports!

Posted by: samsonia3

Nations involved: Samsonia3, Georgekenia

Committed to actually telling the truth, Samsonia3 is releasing a documented report on how all the battles went and debunking Georgekenia's false claims.

1) The Adrean Front/Northern Nile: Reports here by Georgekenia are partially true. While a dust storm is interfering with Adrean bombers, they are still carpeting the Northern Nile area with bombs, decimating their Nuclear Development Centers. The plutonium may have been hidden, but many scientists as well as any previous developments on how to make a nuclear weapon have been destroyed. All in all, Adrean forces are having a harder time making inroads than many expected, but the Nile river is close to falling, along with all Nuclear Development Centers around the area.

2) Cairo -- Again, there was no battle in Cairo and thus no Georgekenian victory. The report that 'disclosed' Samsonia3's 'battle plans' were meant to deceive Georgekenia.

3) Alexandria/Alexshire: Comms have gone down in Alexandria as the result of Samsonia3's army shooting telephone poles in the area, so Georgekenia decided to make up a story on how their people hid explosives in the capital building. This is completely false. The Georgekenians had in fact thought Cairo was the target of our armies, meaning that they had no idea they were being targeted until it was too late. The Georgekenian president is still inside the capital building, now held by Samsonian Forces. Tanks are crushing any dissidents as well as most buildings, and warplanes are on watch for any plans Georgekenia might make. The citizens might be angry, but they are not an army and they value their lives enough not to foolishly fight. Again, we stress that Samsonia and their still-unnamed ally hold Alexandria and that the Georgekenian reports are logically flawed and thus proven to be untrue.

4) Battle of the Suez - Georgekenia's reports are mostly true on this one. Some rogue Nexonian naval officers took some rusty ships to the Suez and were stopped by the Georgekenian populace. Those naval officers were met with absolute destruction by the real Nexonian navy.

All in all, while Georgekenia falsely reports its victories, it has only stopped a rogue naval officer from taking Suez, while having its Nuclear Development Centers bombed and their Capital Building and Capital City conquered. If they do not want to negotiate with us, we will simply burn down Alexshire and sow the ground with salt.

On another note, Samsonia3 would like to celebrate the admittance of New Nexon into the League of Rogue Nations! This is another great addition to the already mighty alliance, and we are happy to have them join us! We wanted to include the reminder that in the LRN, there is much more autonomy as a nation than in some other alliances, which is why they opted to join.