# WAR: Gal May Enters War Against Troiya

Posted by: gal_may

Nations involved: Gal May, NOPS, Troiya

The Gal Mayian and Troiyan borders remained quiet during the first moments of the Troiyan War of aggression. Soldiers on each side stood poised for attack, yet no direct order had come from either government. Only meters away from the electrified fence, Troyian tanks sat with their barrels aimed at the stone forts of Gal May. There was a hush across the seemingly endless snow-dusted fields. 

An order was heard, shouted from each tower on each fort. "Taganema nüüd!" An order of retreat. The Soldiers of Gal May, each having prepared to defend their beloved Nation to the last breath...were being ordered to fall back. 

The order was followed by a cautious march to the nearby wooded area. The Great defenders of Liberty seemed to surrender to the oppressive tyranny that was the Kingdom of Troiya.
"Peatuma!" the harsh voices shouted from the parapets of the great gray fortresses. Halt. Not even half way to the distant stone bulwarks, the soldiers were told to end their march. 

"Sihtima!" Aim. Fear ran down the spines of the troops, a piercing sense of pain, a sudden shock of reality. Gal May was about to enter into the largest war she had ever experienced, unmatched by the petty conflicts of years long ago. Her destiny was set, on the brink of war.

The Clouds above lit up, a faint light shined through, what was assumed to be the sun was joined by three other lights, who grew and appeared to fall to the earth. Smoke poured from the lightening like stars. Three became six, and six became twelve. The great roars filled the silence with the blood-curdling screams of death. The incarnation of the fallen angels, crashing into earth, cursing the days they lived, threating the lives bellow. Ready to kill. Ready to destroy. 

They touch the earth, coming alive with an ear-splitting laugh. It dissipates and leaves a horrible ringing in its wake, a ringing filled with screams and blood. A single chorus of voices is heard above all.

"Tulistama!" The Defenders of Liberty Open fire. The first battle against tyranny is won.